# Personas

Mimi is a deputy director for community engagement at a non-profit dedicated to improving Internet access for the urban poor. Mimi wants to help her non-profit grow by attracting new audiences and communities to the issue of Internet access and by expanding the number of ways people from those new audiences and communities can contribute to the work. She finds the Open Leadership Map white paper through a social-media feed she follows. She visits, shares a few stories of challenges and successes she's had, and asks questions about how to design and build community interactions that might empower her colleagues and communities to spread their work. Mimi applies for the next round of online Open Leadership mentoring with a project focused on enhancing the value exchange for community members who enter into co-ops for better Internet access. She recruits new contributors to the project through the next Global Sprint and proposes a session about sharing the results of her project at the next MozFest.

Hector is an evangelist for openness working at a media policy non-profit. A colleague emails him a link they found to the Open Leadership Map white paper. Hector spends an afternoon reviewing and critiquing the white paper from his point of view at an allied organization. Hector takes the principles, actions, and skills from the white paper and audits some of his own organization's practices against them, concluding that he and his colleagues could do more to improve the reach of their work. Through a follow-up email conversation with members of Mozilla Open Leadership & Events team, Hector learns about the MIT Open Leadership Camp and attends the next round with his executive director as part of a new project to increase the impact and reach of their work.

Kellie is a grad student in computer science with a passion for using government data for public good. One of her professors recommends participating in Mozilla's online mentorship program. She joins the next cohort with a project meant to compare and contrast infrastructure projects in industrial and residential areas of her home state. While Kellie has designed and built out several data collection projects on her own using tools like GitHub, she hasn't worked on a project with contributors before, and she'd like this project to involve citizens, civil servants, and peers working to collect and analyze similar data. She uses her time in the cohort to solicit ideas about designing and building her project to empower others to contribute and then replicate the project. As part of the work, she publishes a blog post called "10 Ways to Empower Citizens to Own Civic Data" that becomes part of the Open Leadership curriculum shared by Mozilla.